# SteelsOfLiquid's log, Thanksgiving (United States) at about 15:00 (3 PM)

Wow, actually doing something in the log for once! Apologies in advance if there's a lot of spelling errors, because keyboard things =/

___

## OpenSteel/OS

I'm making progress towards resolving the last bit of the kernel-keyboard driver-NRSh conflict. I'm opting to use an enum that'll likely be set up in either (a) the kernel, or more likely to be effective, (b) a dedicated header grouped up likely with the NRSh headers to form a userspace group in the future. I'm also working on making adjustments and some ammendments to the style guide, since as it was stated within, it wasn't complete. I'm adding a section on the order of which things go at the start/top of source code and header files (at least the C and C++ ones), and I have plans to add a few commands briefly: Two informational ones (license and credits), and one technical one (shutdown). I did some research and studying briefly on the MINIX 3 shutdown functionality, as *I have been playing around with that OS this month and it has a simple shutdown mechanism.* I'm obviously not going to copy it, but I am going to take my interpretation on how to implement shutting down without ACPI and put my own code into OpenSteel/OS. There's already a mechanism that does my goals for shutting down inside of `panic()`, and so it should be simple to implement a shutdown mechanism.

I also want to try to show a demo of my project in its current state (or specifically 0.22.161 and not the current build 0.22.163 as 0.22.163 has instabilities) to folks when I'm over at my relatives' place for thanksgiving dinner tonight, mainly because I'm quite enthusiastic about this project. Before I move on to the serial port driver, I want to try my hands at implementing (again) a textmode cursor and command history, but the thing is that my memory system for my project is still in the paleolithic age (i.e. prehistoric) and so I'd rather not write to a specific chunk of RAM only to rewrite the whole memory system shortly after, as that'd be a waste of time. I also realised I didn't apply the style guide to every single file in the project (it still isn't conforming in a number of headers), and so that'll have to be resolved.

## New profile picture

So, I changed to my channel's 2025-2026 holidays PFP for the season. Importantly, I don't think I've used a PFP of Neisa with short hair on this site (because the previous channel PFP was too large of a file size for GitHub). I apologise if it feels slightly foreign right *now*, but don't worry, you'll probably get used to this change.

___

And so that's that. I'm going to go play games and whatnot, I'll probably leave in an hour for my grandparents' place.
