# 2025 September 22, 13:57

## OpenSteel/OS
I may consider adding two sleep functions - the old busy-wait, and one main one called sleep which works with the multitasker. The latter is almost done, and so it'll soon be time to compile, test and do the whole debug ordeal, which will be very fun. -_-

On another topic, once I get this done, I'll be able to move on to working on the CMOS driver. It shouldn't be as complicated, but who knows. It has the main goals of (1) providing the system time and possibly (2) getting some system info. I can't remember what was next on my roadmap, but I can tell you this: I'm swapping it with the cursor things. I expect to have this all done by the halfway point of October (about the same time Windows 10 reaches end of life, *looks down in superiority using Kubuntu Linux*). Point is, I nonetheless want to take things one at a time.

## Serotonin
I remembered this project exists, I'll probably try to assemble a homepage and some other things before the end of 2025. Serotonin has a slower roadmap compared to OpenSteel/OS as it hasn't been on my mind as much.

## New projects
I am considering making some sort of satirical desktop environment of sorts that revolves around Neisa. Basically taking Nanami/OS' theme, replacing Nanami Madobe with Neisa Sapphira-Aera, and making it a GUI. Whether this is done in Scratch, Godot or web stuff is still of personal debate. But I feel it'd be funny to make something that would make people ask, "why the fuck does this need to exist?". Even if some people were abhorrently incompetent and try to troll me. *It's supposed to be a joke and for fun, it's not supposed to be taken seriously.*

___
Anyways, that's all I've thought of between hours. Maybe I should consolidate my entries, maybe not. I don't know.
